
### Library
This repository implements a library management system that allows running as both a client and server. By default, the application starts as a client. To run as a server, use the `-server` flag. The IP address and port for the server are configured in a `config` file. This project is designed to be cross-platform and can be run on both Linux and Windows.

#### Features
-   **Dual Functionality**: Run the application as either a client or server.
-   **Cross-Platform**: Compatible with both Windows and Linux environments.
-   **Configuration Management**: IP address and port settings are easily configurable via a `config` file.
-   **Data Storage**: Manage and store information about books and users efficiently.

#### Disclaimer
Please note that the application does not implement secure handling of passwords and user logins. For this reason, it is discouraged to use real passwords with this application. Always use test credentials during development and testing.

----------

### Table of Contents
-   [Requirements](#requirements)
-   [Installation](#installation)
-   [Configuration](#configuration)
-   [Usage](#usage)
-   [Examples](#examples)

----------

### Requirements
-   C++14 or higher
-   CMake (for building the project)
-   A compatible C++ compiler (e.g., g++, clang++, MSVC)

### Installation

1.  **Clone the Repository**:
    
    
    `git clone https://github.com/Uckakok/library.git
    cd library` 
    
2.  **Build the Project**:
    
    `mkdir build
    cd build
    cmake ..
    make` 
    
    For Windows, you can use the Visual Studio solution generated by CMake.
    

### Configuration

The application configuration is managed via a `config` file located in the root directory of the project. The file should contain the following format:
`ServerAddress: 172.30.46.162`
`AppSocket: 49833`

**Note**: If the `config` file is not found, the application will revert to default values:

-   **ServerAddress**: `172.30.46.162`
-   **AppSocket**: `49833`

### Usage

To run the application, navigate to the build directory and execute the binary:

-   To run as a client (default):
    
    
    `./Library` 
    
-   To run as a server:
    
    
    `./Library -server` 
    

### Examples

Here are a couple of examples to illustrate how to run the application:

-   **Starting as a Server on Linux**:
    
    `./Library -server` 
    
-   **Starting as a Client on Windows**:
    
    
    `.\Library.exe`
